Privacy Policy

1. General

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) addresses the privacy rights relating to the assembling, use and protection of the information provided by the end user of app/web (as defined below) to Moneycash India Private Limited ("Moneycash") while registering user account (“Account”) at Moneycash app/web where account includes customer accounts (as defined in the User Terms) and merchant accounts. User may register at Moneycash app/web or Moneycash mobile application developed and owned by Moneycash under the brand name “Moneycash”.

1.1. Moneycash respects the belief that users place in the Account and insists upon the highest standards for making the transactions fully secure and maintaining the privacy of their personal information.

1.2. By using Moneycash app/web, user gives their consent that Moneycash could collect, disclose, share, and use user’s information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy, also user consented to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

1.3. In case where user does not wish/want Moneycash to collect, disclose, share and use user’s information, including but not limited to any personal information (as defined below), user may choose not to register for an account or terminate their account with Moneycash in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions available at the App/web.

2. Information Collected

2.1. As for creation of an account and to use the services provided by Moneycash, users shall be required to register themselves on Moneycash App/web, and as for registration, Moneycash may require users to provide certain sensitive personal information, which includes all information that are required to identify the user as an Account holder of Moneycash (“Personal Information”). User may provide such Personal Information at their sole discretion, however in case user wishes to avail services from Moneycash, it is mandatory for user to provide their Personal Information to Moneycash which may include the following:

2.1.1. User’s full name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, photograph along with their supporting KYC documents. One-time access for user’s camera, microphone, location and mobile device and store such information only for the purpose of onboarding or KYC requirements of Moneycash with user’s explicit consent in accordance with the Digital Lending guidelines issued by RBI and as amended from time to time.

2.1.2. Bank account details i.e., Bank name, Account holder name, account number and IFS code, as required by Moneycash.

The information as stated above in point no. 2.1.2 may be collected, used and processed by Moneycash directly, or by an authorized and industry approved service providers engaged with Moneycash for the purpose of providing the payment gateway services on Moneycash App/web. Where any such information is collected, used and processed by an authorized and industry approved service providers, user hereby agree to the transfer their Personal Information to Moneycash and our affiliates.

2.2. In addition to the Personal Information, certain information may also be collected from users at times which may include:

2.2.1. Information collected through “Cookies”; Please refer to Section 3.2 for more information on Cookies.

2.2.2. Frequency of users visit to Moneycash app/web, including but not limited to Moneycash logs and other communication data, whether this is required for users own purposes or otherwise, and the resources that user access whilst visiting Moneycash App/web.

2.2.3. IP address of user’s server from where the App/web is being accessed, the type of browser and the operating system the user’s system has, the referring source which may have sent user to the app/web.

2.2.4. The duration of user stay on Moneycash App/web is also stored in the session along with the date and time of users’ access.

2.3. Whenever User, uses the app/web, Moneycash’s servers (which may be hosted by an authorized and industry approved service providers service provider) may collect information directly or indirectly, and automatically, about users’ activities on the App/web by way of cookies, Moneycash beacons or Moneycash analytics. This anonymous information is maintained distinctly and is not linked to the Personal Information user submit to Moneycash and shall not be used to identify user Account.

2.3.1. Moneycash beacons are graphic image files embedded in a Moneycash page that provides information from the user’s browser. This allows Moneycash to monitor and ascertain the number of users of the App/web, and other purposes as may be required by Moneycash. With both cookies and web beacon technology, the information that Moneycash collects is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain user’s name, address, telephone number, or email address.

2.3.2. Moneycash analytics are services provided by authorized and industry approved service providers parties in connection with a Moneycash app/web. Moneycash may use such services to find usability problems to make the App/web user friendly. These services do not collect information that has not been voluntarily provided by user.

2.4. Any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as Personal Information within this Privacy Policy.

2.5. The Personal Information as aforesaid is essential to provide the services offered by Moneycash. User shall ensure that all the information provided to Moneycash is true, correct, complete and genuine in all respects. User shall always have access to the information provided and shall ensure to amend/correct/update such information at the earliest using the App/web or by contacting Moneycash on customer care number. Moneycash shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the Personal Information provided by user to Moneycash. In no event, Moneycash shall be liable for any losses that user may incur due to the inaccurate or deficient information or Personal Information provided Moneycash. User will however be fully liable to Moneycash and the authorities for any inaccurate/ incomplete data or information provided by Moneycash.

3. Use of the Information

3.1. The information collected from user shall be used for the following purposes only:

To operate and administer user account and to continually improve Moneycash service offerings.

To make and receive payments for transactions undertaken by user using the App/web, customer/merchant verification.

To ease user’s use of the App/web.

To respond to user inquiries, complaints or fulfill users’ requests for information about the various services.

To provide the information about Moneycash 's products/services and to send user the information, materials, and offers from Moneycash, even if users have registered under DND or DNC or NCPR services.

To send users the important information about any changes made in terms and conditions, policies and/or other administrative information of Moneycash.

To send users any surveys and marketing communications that Moneycash believes may be of interest to users.

To help users address their problems with the App/web including addressing any technical problems.

To conduct internal reviews and data analysis for the App/web.

To provide user information for scrutiny to any statutory, regulatory or any other governmental authority or any other agency as advised by government or any judicial body or as may be required by law for the time being in force.

To manage disputes that may arise because of provision of services to User.

To detect and protect Moneycash against error, fraud, phishing, unauthorized transactions, and other criminal and illegal activity.

Moneycash identify and use Moneycash’s IP address to help diagnose problems with Moneycash’s server, and to administer Moneycash App/web. User IP address is also used to help identify User and to gather broad demographic information.

To improve Moneycash’s internal customer/merchant training.

To comply with applicable laws, including requirements under any financial services regulation, such as retention of financial and transaction information.

To conduct financial and identity checks; fraud prevention checks; anti money laundering and credit checks.

To enhance security of Moneycash’s App/web; and

To create statistical information, statistical analysis, credit scoring, or for any other purpose that will help in providing user with optimal and high-quality services.

As otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the applicable laws.

3.2 Cookies

3.2.1 A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by Moneycash’s server on Moneycash’s browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given User. These cookies do not contain any of User’s personally identifiable information. However, user may choose to disable the Cookies using the settings in his computer system, but in that case the user may face certain difficulties to use the full functionality of the app/web.

3.2.2 Cookies may be used for the following purposes:

To customize user experience on Moneycash app/web.

To obtain information regarding use of the App/web and assess which pages user visit the most to provide user with services that may be of interest to services.

To obtain information regarding user IP address, location and other demographic information such as age range and gender to ascertain Users internet behavior, in accordance with applicable laws.

To assist in complying with regulatory obligations such as antifraud and anti-money laundering obligations.

To allow Moneycash to provide user with personalized services by remembering the choices made by user with respect to language user prefers, geographical location where user is, etc. in accordance with the applicable laws.

When user visits authorized and industry approved service providers app/website from Moneycash’s App/web, cookies embedded in such authorized and industry approved service providers content may be downloaded onto user device. Moneycash do not control such authorized and industry approved service providers cookies and the same are governed by the terms and conditions of such authorized and industry approved service providers parties. Please read the terms and conditions governing such authorized and industry approved service providers app/website for more information on the same.

4. Retention of Data

4.1. After termination of user account, Moneycash shall destroy the data collected from user, except the records and the data pertaining to the transactions undertaken using Moneycash’s services on the App/web, and where required to ensure compliance with applicable laws. Please note that under the applicable laws, Moneycash shall maintain record of the transactions with Moneycash, including personal data such as username, contact details, etc. Subject to the above, Moneycash will delete all other Personal Information including the banking details (debit/credit card), and passwords of user when user account is terminated. The termination of an account is defined wherein consumer has no dues, uninstalled the APP and has no interaction with the service provider for more than 90 days.

4.2. Please note that Moneycash will not require user to disclose users personal, financial or security details vide email or other communication, except through the App/web, unless otherwise explicitly specified by Moneycash. If user receive any email/ phone call/ SMS or other communication requesting user to share their security/financial information, please do not respond to such requests, and delete such requests. Please however forward such requests to grievance@uvaid@moneycah.inzaar.com for notifying Moneycash of the same, prior to deletion of such requests.

4.3. “Phishing” is an attempt to steal personal details and financial account details from any app/web user. Such “Phishers” use fake emails to lead users to counterfeit app/web s where the user is tricked into entering their personal details such as credit card numbers, passwords, PIN etc. Users are abstained from providing their details on such app/web and immediately report such requests to Moneycash at grievance@uvaid@moneycah.inzaar.com Moneycash shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage etc. caused to users by responding to such emails and sharing information with authorized and industry approved service providers parties specified under Sections 4.2 and 4.3.

5. Disclosure of Information

5.1. Moneycash shall not be liable for disclosure of the Personal Information when done in accordance with this Privacy Policy or after otherwise obtaining users’ prior permission in this regard.

5.2. By using the App/web, user consents to the collection, transfer, use, storage, sharing and disclosure of user information as described in this Privacy Policy, including to the transfer of user information outside of user country of residence. Moneycash may disclose user information to Moneycash’s employees, consultants, affiliates, agents, contractors, business partners, associates, subsidiaries, investors, merchants, service providers and other persons with whom Moneycash is required to share such information as per applicable laws and/or on a need-to-know basis. The purpose of such sharing of information shall be limited to fulfillment of consumer’s financial need from Moneycash and its consultants, affiliates, agents, contractors, business partners, associates, subsidiaries, investors, merchants, service providers.

5.3. However, Moneycash may disclose the personal data, or any other information collected from user to any statutory, lawful enforcement body, regulatory body or court if Moneycash is under legal obligation if required by law/authority to disclose or share user personal data or any other information collected from user or in relation to user transactions on the App/web.

5.4. To protect Moneycash financial interests and avoid money laundering or fraudulent activities, Moneycash may, if Moneycash deem necessary, share user information, including user Account details, financial and transactional history with banks, payment facilitator partners, identity verification service providers, and credit reference agencies and other agencies to identify and verify Users and limit exposure to criminal activity and financial risk. When conducting the audit/checks, the relevant authorized and industry approved service providers parties may retain information regarding Moneycash query and user information and may share this information with other fraud prevention agencies.

5.6. To prevent money laundering activities and comply with applicable regulations, Moneycash may report suspicious transactions to law enforcement agencies. User hereby authorize Moneycash the right to share user information with such law enforcement agencies in the event of any activity that may seem suspicious in Moneycash’s sole discretion. In the event Moneycash notices any suspicious activity on the App/web, Moneycash may, without prior intimation to user:

report such instance to the law enforcement agency and share all relevant information that may be required for investigation.

suspend user Account during the period of investigation; and/or

block user use of the Account.

6. Security

6.1. Moneycash strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of users’ Personal Information from unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. Moneycash adopt adequate measures to prevent unauthorized access to user Personal Information.

6.2. Moneycash reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to verify user identity/details. User consents to provide Moneycash all the information that Moneycash requests for the security review. If user fails to comply with any security request, Moneycash reserve the right to terminate /suspend access to/use of user Account, and/or prohibit user access to the App/web.

6.3. Moneycash is not liable and cannot be held liable for any breach of security or for any actions of any authorized and industry approved service providers parties that receive user Personal Information.

6.4. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere, Moneycash shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of user Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event (as defined below). A "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond Our reasonable control and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, etc.

7. Link to Other App/webs

7.1. Moneycash App/web may provide links to other apps/webs. These links are provided for user convenience only and the provision of these links does not mean that the other app/web s are related to or associated with Moneycash. Please note that these app/web s have their own terms of use and privacy policies. User should check their privacy policy before user submit their Personal Information or any other data with them. Moneycash neither guarantees the content and the security of those apps/webs, nor does Moneycash endorses using such apps/webs.

7.2. Moneycash may have certain features on its App/web which may be hosted by an authorized and industry approved service providers, user interaction with such features shall be governed by the terms of use and privacy policy of such authorized and industry approved service providers parties, as may be applicable.

7.3. Moneycash shall not be responsible for any loss, damage, claim or expense caused because of You accessing these authorized and industry approved service providers app/webs and features.

8. Permissions

One time access/ permissions are being sought by the service provider/digital platform/APP, from the consumer at the event of downloading the application, registration or requesting for loan.

Camera Access – to capture the individual image, check the liveliness and authentication of the applicant. The incident may be termed as “Selfie”.

Media Access – to affix the captured consumer image with the profile created by individual self on the “APP”, to edit/ update the profile image later only if the customer wish to do so.

SMS Access – to read OTP or any other number generated to validate and authenticate the user.

Location – for the purpose of on-boarding/ KYC requirements only, with the explicit consent of the user.

9. User Discretion

User can always choose not to provide information, which is not mandatory in nature but in case the information required is mandatory and user does not wish to provide the requisite information, then user will not be able to access the app/web or the service fully and Moneycash shall have the option to stop providing the services for which the information was sought. Users will not be eligible for a refund of any fees paid for any service in such event and agrees that Moneycash shall not be liable to user for the same in any manner whatsoever.

10. Communications

10.1 Moneycash may contact users via the App/web, e-mail address and phone number as provided by user. Users may also receive system-generated transactional e-mails such as confirmations, notification of receipt of payments, notification of password changes, OTP for verification of payments etc.

10.2. User hereby gives their consent to Moneycash to receive communications through the App/web, registered phone number and/or e-mail id.

11. Revision of the Privacy Policy

11.1. This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without prior notice to users, and Moneycash does not bear any responsibility for notifying user on the same. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the App/web.

11.2. Any changes made to the privacy policy will take effect on immediate basis and will be binding on the users, unless otherwise specified by Moneycash. If user do not agree with the revised Privacy Policy, the user shall have right to discontinue accessing Moneycash App/web and can terminate their account. Hence users are advised to go through the Privacy Policy from time to time to be well versed about any changes that may have been made.

13. Grievances

Moneycash shall address users’ grievances with respect to processing of information provided in relation to this Privacy Policy in a time bound manner. For this purpose, Moneycash hereby designate a grievance officer to redress to any of user’s grievances in a timely manner and within 1 (One) month from the date of receipt of grievance.

Grievance Officer: Mr. Saurabh Agarwal

Email Address: saurabh@moneycash.in

Phone Number: 8882911939

14. Governing law and dispute resolution

This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. All disputes in relation to the Privacy Policy will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in Delhi, India only.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING SPECIFIED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, ALL PERMISSIONS GRANTED HEREIN, USE OF DATA / INFORMATION SHARED WITH Moneycash SHALL BE SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS INCLUDING RULES/GUIDELINES FRAMED BY SECTOR SPECIFIC REGULATORS SUCH AS RBI, UIDAI etc.